README.md, before:

# installation

- 2 separate projects, one for vue and 1 for electron
- cd into each and run npm install

# electron-vue-trial

- the initial thought is separate the two concerns, make the electron one folder and the vue another folder. Have the final build of vue end up in the src of electron and then have electron run that. Since Electron just runs html/js/css and the end result of vue is a js file attached to an index, this should work in theory.
- using https://github.com/electron/electron-packager for the builder.
- note everything in the Electron Demo-win32-x64 folder is needed to run it, basically it's the aftereffect of a wizard install. To test I created a shortcut link off of the .exe and put it on my desktop and it runs
- note this is an .exe in the purest sense, it will not add anything to the registry for Windows.
- also note, the final exe is not pushed up as the file size exceeds my current github maximum, so note that since chromium is being bundled, even simple projects have decent file sizes

# caveat's

- currently copying final dist over into electron shell
- when copying index.html, note, you have to update the scripts in the index file so that it has "" and the path starts with ./

# todo's

- with this current setup, Vue can't really make use of Electron's inherant functions, like accessing the file system or clipboard stuff etc... which may not be a problem unless it is
- have a build that will work with windows, don't have one for linux binaries or mac .app

# steps I'm using

- develop in vue folder
- npm run build in vue when done so that I get a dist folder of assets
- move assets over to electron dist folder where main.js is targeting
- note vue build's idiocy of not using "" on script path, add those in as well as update the path to be ./
- npm run start to make sure it works in electron
- npm run package to run electron-builder and build out the file
- don't commit final product on this repo because of current file size limit, this step will change whenever I get around to updating my account
- everything inside of Electron Demo-win32-x64 is needed to run, can make shortcut of exe inside of course but it should be noted this isn't a wizard that installs anything, it's the end result of an exe and it's assets needed to run.

Commit message:

update tray to work in electron and packaged for windows, updated README.md

README.md, after:

# installation

- 2 separate projects, one for vue and 1 for electron
- cd into each and run npm install

# electron-vue-trial

- the initial thought is separate the two concerns, make the electron one folder and the vue another folder. Have the final build of vue end up in the src of electron and then have electron run that. Since Electron just runs html/js/css and the end result of vue is a js file attached to an index, this should work in theory.
- using https://github.com/electron/electron-packager for the builder.
- note everything in the Electron Demo-win32-x64 folder is needed to run it, basically it's the aftereffect of a wizard install. To test I created a shortcut link off of the .exe and put it on my desktop and it runs
- note this is an .exe in the purest sense, it will not add anything to the registry for Windows.
- also note, the final exe is not pushed up as the file size exceeds my current github maximum, so note that since chromium is being bundled, even simple projects have decent file sizes

# caveat's

- currently copying final dist over into electron shell
- when copying index.html, note, you have to update the scripts in the index file so that it has "" and the path starts with ./

# todo's

- with this current setup, Vue can't really make use of Electron's inherant functions, like accessing the file system or clipboard stuff etc... which may not be a problem unless it is
- have a build that will work with windows, don't have one for linux binaries or mac .app
- get tray icon to work in both electron and after it's packaged in electron builder

# steps I'm using

- develop in vue folder
- npm run build in vue when done so that I get a dist folder of assets
- move assets over to electron dist folder where main.js is targeting
- note vue build's idiocy of not using "" on script path, add those in as well as update the path to be ./
- npm run start to make sure it works in electron
- npm run package to run electron-builder and build out the file
- don't commit final product on this repo because of current file size limit, this step will change whenever I get around to updating my account
- everything inside of Electron Demo-win32-x64 is needed to run, can make shortcut of exe inside of course but it should be noted this isn't a wizard that installs anything, it's the end result of an exe and it's assets needed to run.
